Recluse Brainstorm

Inspiration:
Ghost in the Shell
Equilibrium

Futuristic
Dark
Epic
Emotional
Lone
Power
Robotic




Game set is futuristic.

With the increase of human population, crime becomes more prevalent, governments and police 
begin to lose control over it's ability to maintain law and order.

Technology company builds specialized equipment for law and order. Police, gov't, defense,
and private companies rely on this company to build and provide high quality gear and android task forces
to combat rising crime within cities. International, so police task forces from all around the globe 
rely on this company. 

Crime rates reduce, however, company becomes more authoritaritive, issuing law toward reliant
customers, enforcing strict integration of it's technology in order to continue it's use of services.

With reduction of crime rates, police and gov't begin to discontinue company's technologies and
services in order to cut down on expenses. Given that most of its revenue comes from these sectors,
company issues desperate attempt to increase crime rate to maintain control in police technology,
by supplying terrorist organizations with its technology in return for a silence contract. Balance is
required in order to maintain profitable margins...

Crime rates increase drastically, police task force and gov't issue contract with company to 
combat rising crime and terrorism. 

With a strong hold of military technology sector, company holds a monopoly in black market and
law and order. Company loses hold on its own technology as it begins to increase sentience, issuing 
its own goal and gain by inadvertely tasking its own force of androids to target both terrorist and
police organizations. Secret is kept within the company, but it is at this time that we begin our story,
in which the company is about to lose complete control of its own technology as a result of instability, and
conflicting goals between human greed and artificial intelligence.

You are a machine, built by this technology, served only built to follow orders. Your ultimate features 
involve using your sensors to detect lies and emotion against suspects and potentials. You posses human interaction 
the likes of which no android task force has achieved, and is your creator's greatest weapon. Although used for the 
greater good, it technology does not know moral, and it is up to you to uncover it's true purpose, and it's corruption.

Awoken from a cell regeneration pod, you are immediately given assignment to a police task force whom require your
assistance in taking down a suspected drug ring. Slightly confused, you still remember that your objectives are to always
obey your creators moral principles and orders above all, despite your transportation, and contract ownership to the 
assigned task force. 